README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## Refonte V1 runbook (PULL only)

The refonte branch ships a locked-down delivery flow: Canva link + ZIP, no autopublish, quotas unchanged, and 30-day retention.

- `make codex` runs the codemod that rewrites any lingering push/publish flows to the PULL delivery endpoint while skipping the landing page guardrails.
- `make validate` calls `scripts/validate_refonte.sh` to ensure no "push Canva" or autopublish traces slip through the diff.
- `make cleanup` triggers the 30-day retention cleanup script used in production cronjobs.
- `make test` executes the codemod Jest suite (uses `npm test --scripts-prepend-node-path`).

For backend integrations, see [`examples/api/express/counters.ts`](examples/api/express/counters.ts) for the `/v1/counters` handler that returns usage totals and 80% alerts, and consult the refonte docs in [`docs/REFONTE-2025`](docs/REFONTE-2025) for acceptance checklists.

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e) and click on Share -> Publish.

### Déploiement sur Vercel

Si vous déployez manuellement le projet sur Vercel, pensez à renseigner les variables d'environnement suivantes dans **Project Settings → Environment Variables** avant de cliquer sur « Open App » :

- `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`
- `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`

Ces valeurs sont utilisées pour initialiser le client Supabase côté front-end. Sans elles, l'application plante au chargement et Vercel affiche une erreur lors de l'ouverture du déploiement.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)

## Debugging the video job hotfix locally

While the database migration from UUID to text identifiers is in progress, the app writes
`job_id: null` for new video generations. If you need to verify that your local environment is
clean and can still build successfully, run the quick checks below:

```sh
# Ensure no merge-conflict markers remain in the tracked files
git grep -n '<<<<<<<\|=======\|>>>>>>>' -- . ':!package-lock.json'

# Install dependencies from package-lock for a deterministic build
npm ci

# Reproduce the Lovable build to catch any runtime or type errors
npm run build
```

The build should complete without reporting TypeScript or runtime errors. If you do see the
database still forcing UUID casts, keep the hotfix in place until the schema migration is fully
rolled out (all `job_id` columns converted to `TEXT` and no triggers re-casting values).

Commit message:

Fix npm auth step secrets usage

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

### Troubleshooting dependency installs

If the npm registry returns `403` errors or the install stops with `ENOTEMPTY`/`EBUSY` issues, make sure the root `.npmrc` is
present and points to the public registry. The file in this repository already contains sane defaults:

```ini
registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/
always-auth=true
fund=false
audit=false
# proxy=http://user:pass@proxy.company:8080
# https-proxy=http://user:pass@proxy.company:8080
```

When the cache is corrupted locally, clean up the workspace and reinstall using exact versions locked in `package-lock.json`:

```sh
git clean -xfd -e .env -e .env.local
npm cache verify || true
npm cache clean --force || true
npm ci --prefer-online
```

If your organisation requires an npm auth token in CI, expose it as `NPM_TOKEN` and append it to `~/.npmrc` before running
`npm ci`:

```sh
echo "//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=${NPM_TOKEN}" >> ~/.npmrc
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## Refonte V1 runbook (PULL only)

The refonte branch ships a locked-down delivery flow: Canva link + ZIP, no autopublish, quotas unchanged, and 30-day retention.

- `make codex` runs the codemod that rewrites any lingering push/publish flows to the PULL delivery endpoint while skipping the landing page guardrails.
- `make validate` calls `scripts/validate_refonte.sh` to ensure no "push Canva" or autopublish traces slip through the diff.
- `make cleanup` triggers the 30-day retention cleanup script used in production cronjobs.
- `make test` executes the codemod Jest suite (uses `npm test --scripts-prepend-node-path`).

For backend integrations, see [`examples/api/express/counters.ts`](examples/api/express/counters.ts) for the `/v1/counters` handler that returns usage totals and 80% alerts, and consult the refonte docs in [`docs/REFONTE-2025`](docs/REFONTE-2025) for acceptance checklists.

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/b6ceafb7-5b2f-483f-b988-77dd6e3f8f0e) and click on Share -> Publish.

### Déploiement sur Vercel

Si vous déployez manuellement le projet sur Vercel, pensez à renseigner les variables d'environnement suivantes dans **Project Settings → Environment Variables** avant de cliquer sur « Open App » :

- `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`
- `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`

Ces valeurs sont utilisées pour initialiser le client Supabase côté front-end. Sans elles, l'application plante au chargement et Vercel affiche une erreur lors de l'ouverture du déploiement.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)

## Debugging the video job hotfix locally

While the database migration from UUID to text identifiers is in progress, the app writes
`job_id: null` for new video generations. If you need to verify that your local environment is
clean and can still build successfully, run the quick checks below:

```sh
# Ensure no merge-conflict markers remain in the tracked files
git grep -n '<<<<<<<\|=======\|>>>>>>>' -- . ':!package-lock.json'

# Install dependencies from package-lock for a deterministic build
npm ci

# Reproduce the Lovable build to catch any runtime or type errors
npm run build
```

The build should complete without reporting TypeScript or runtime errors. If you do see the
database still forcing UUID casts, keep the hotfix in place until the schema migration is fully
rolled out (all `job_id` columns converted to `TEXT` and no triggers re-casting values).
